# Accessibility
Our goal is for ordbøkene.no not only to meet the requirements of the [accessibility declaration](https://uustatus.no/nb/erklaringer/publisert/b2a6f8d0-3a16-4716-8bc8-46ac3c161935), but also to be user-friendly for everyone.
Here are some tips on how to use the site with a keyboard and screen readers.

## Keyboard Navigation
If the search field is not active, you can activate it by pressing <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>7</kbd>. You can search by pressing the Enter key (<kbd>enter</kbd>), or by selecting a search suggestion with the arrow keys. The search results will then be displayed as text and headings with all the content presented.

If you want to navigate using the tab key, we recommend enabling the list view in [settings](/eng/settings).
In list view, the results are displayed as links with excerpts from the content. If you want to see all the content, you can follow the link to the article page for the entry word.

## JAWS
In the JAWS screen reader, we do not recommend switching to list view in settings but rather navigating through the headings. The search results are a hierarchy with the name of each dictionary at the top. Under the dictionary title, you will find each entry word, followed by lists of inflected forms, translations, and suggestions for similar search terms.

To get an overview of the search results with JAWS, you can use the heading list (<kbd>insert</kbd>+<kbd>F6</kbd>). If it doesn't appear, you may need to enable the virtual cursor with <kbd>insert</kbd>+<kbd>Z</kbd>.